I've waited for this along to talk about
what's been going on
afraid of what might change if I reveal
myself to you coz there's another side
to me something that you have yet to see
what would you say what would you do
where would you go if I tell it to you
should I share with you my biggest
secret biggest secret should I share
with you my biggest secret biggest
secret there are fruits that you have
for life and I don't wanna feel like I
have to tell you lies but I would be
there for you no matter what and I know
you'd feel the same that Who I am
won't be to change that I can be whoever
I need to be so I share with you my
biggest secret big secret so I share
with you my biggest secret
so I share with you my biggest secret
biggest secret
biggest secret heart of me